There was a young who grew up on a small farm in the middle of no where, he worked tirelessly for his father and rarely got to leave the property. This
young man simply wanted to find his way in the world. His recently deceased father sheltered him for all of his life but now there is nothing 
holding him back. The young man sets out on a journey to discover the world he has been deprived of. He travels to a city, the first he's ever seen, and is 
amazed. He sees thousands of people of all different assortments and he couldn't contain his excitement, he wanted to meet as many as he could. 
Unfortunately, due to his sheltering as a boy, the young man had never learned the danger in talking to strangers. He approached a man selling knives
on the street.
"Whatchya lookin' to buy?" the knife salesmen said in a thick New York/Ittalian accent. Appreciating the salesmens welcoming attitude, the young man explained, 
"Well I don't have much money, but are you looking to hire a hard worker such as myself?" The salesmen, realizing the young man was strong from his farm work,
called his boss and agreed to hire the young man on the spot. "Okay, kid," the entrepenuer said, "Your first job is to make a 'ahem' withdrawl from the bank
on Sixth and Jefferson Street. Come back with at least twenty large and you'll have yourself a full-time position for my Uncle Vinnie."
At first reluctant, the young boy saw this opportunity as his big break and would not let anything mitigate his ambitions. He bought the equipment necessary for such a task: black ski-mask, burlap bag, and a fake .45 caliber glock. The boss had appointed him a getaway driver for the task named Carl. However, Carl was new to the job and the only way the boss was able to get him to partake in this role was to lie to him about the plan. The plan according to Carl is merely to run an errand for the bossman and withdraw some money from his own account. Two days after the young man is appointed with the task, he and Carl drive to the bank together around noon. However, the young boy sits in the car for nearly an hour talking to Carl, distracting him, contemplating this decision, and finding the courage to tell Carl of his true intentions. Once he finally mustered up the courage to inform Carl about the plan, Carl appeared to go along with the plot and said he would be waiting in the parking lot after he had done the deed. The young boy, with trembling posture and nerve-ridden hands sprinted to the bank's entrance once the lobby was empty. Luckily the security guard at the bank was on lunch break and he was able to come away with over $300,000 in just 2 minutes. As he left the building he noticed that Carl's car was gone and panicked. In reality, Carl had an extreme internal consternation the moment he was given the plan details, and planned to leave as soon as the young boy entered the building. The young boy ran down the street, tossing the ski mask into a bush in an attempt to not be conspicuous. Although the young boy's face was seen on surveillance footage and the mask was retrieved by police, he was able to flee the scene and seek refuge in the boss' lair as a member of his entourage. The young boy would go on to live a life of crime and refuge, one that was depressing but also fulfilling for the young boy.
